Update README.md (#40)
aerospike/aerospike-vector-search-examples: README.md

# Aerospike Vector Search

> [!NOTE]

> > Aerospike Vector Search (AVS) is currently in Beta. [Request an invite](https://aerospike.com/lp/aerospike-vector-search-preview-access/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Aerospike Vector Search (AVS) is currently in Beta. [Request an invite](https://aerospike.com/lp/aerospike-vector-search-preview-access/).
```

> This repo is a companion repo for scripts, and examples helpful for AVS users. See our full [full documentation](https://aerospike.com/docs/vector) for details how AVS works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a companion repo for scripts and examples that are helpful to AVS users. See our [full documentation](https://aerospike.com/docs/vector) for details about how AVS works.
```

## Installation Examples

> This repo contains scripts and configuration for installing AVS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains scripts and configuration details for installing AVS. 
```

> For more details on AVS see our [install documentation](https://aerospike.com/docs/vector/operate/install). Here you will find.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about AVS, see our [install documentation](https://aerospike.com/docs/vector/operate/install). Here you will find.
```

> * [Kubernetes install script](./kubernetes) - A bash script and configuration for [Installing on Kubernetes](https://aerospike.com/docs/vector/operate/install/kubernetes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Kubernetes install script](./kubernetes) - A bash script and configuration details for [Installing on Kubernetes](https://aerospike.com/docs/vector/operate/install/kubernetes).
```

> * [Docker-compose files](./docker) - The `./docker` folder contains a docker-compose file for deploying Aerospike, and AVS as containers. Additionaly each example app has a docker-compose file that deploys Aerospike, AVS and the application itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Docker-compose files](./docker) - The `./docker` folder contains a docker-compose file for deploying Aerospike and AVS as containers. Additionally, each example app has a docker-compose file that deploys Aerospike, AVS, and the application itself. 
```

  

## Example Applications

> This repo also contains example apps for developing using Aerospike Vector Search. This can give you the basics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains example apps for developing with AVS. Try these apps to gain a basic understanding before you
```

> to start developing your own AVS application(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
start developing your own AVS apps.
```

* [Basic Search](./basic-search/README.md) - A simple application used to showcase the Python client.

> * [Quote Search](./quote-semantic-search/) - A application for semantic text search that includes a small dataset of quotes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Quote Search](./quote-semantic-search/) - An application for semantic text search that includes a small dataset of quotes. 
```
